DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/databases-page-view-operations-throughput-response-time.mdx

  - Monitoring
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'APM's Databases page shows database transactions and slow database queries as tables. It also shows operations, throughput, and query time as charts.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM's Databases page shows database transactions and slow database queries as tables. It also shows operations, throughput, and query time as charts.
```
